README.md, before:

# Automatic Tool Changer (ATC)
Automatic Tool Changer (ATC) or Robotic Tool Changer is an interface mounted on an industrial robot wrist enabling the robot to select and pickup different robot tooling. This allows a robot to automatically switch between different application processes or handle different part types. The ATC eliminates the need for manual operations to change the robot tooling or the need for toolings with complex designs that can handle different tasks.

## ATC Function
- **Robotic Applications**: The ATC is used in robotic applications for efficient tool changes on robot wrists, enhancing production and minimizing human error.

## ATC Components
- **Standard Gripper**: A part of the ATC that assists in aligning and gripping the hanger.
- **KRT-A100**: A standard Kuka part with a pneumatic cylinder, adjustable with shims for zero axial clearance.

## ATC Stand
- **Stability**: Designed to hold hangers firmly for the robot's pick-up process.
- **Structural Simulation**: Ensures minimal deformation and maintains strength under load.

## Manufacturing Considerations
- **Hardening Treatment**: Required for parts prone to wear due to repetitive motion.
- **Dimensional Tolerances**: Critical for the proper function of the ATC components.

Commit message:

Update README.md: Added PLR-D component description

README.md, after:

# Automatic Tool Changer (ATC)
Automatic Tool Changer (ATC) or Robotic Tool Changer is an interface mounted on an industrial robot wrist enabling the robot to select and pickup different robot tooling. This allows a robot to automatically switch between different application processes or handle different part types. The ATC eliminates the need for manual operations to change the robot tooling or the need for toolings with complex designs that can handle different tasks.

## ATC Function
- **Robotic Applications**: The ATC is used in robotic applications for efficient tool changes on robot wrists, enhancing production and minimizing human error.

## ATC Components
- **KRT-A100**: A standard Kuka part with a pneumatic cylinder, adjustable with shims for zero axial clearance.
- **PLR-D-**: A modular tooling component from "Bilsing Automation" that is used in design of the tooling. The ATC is designed to be compatible with this component.

## ATC Stand
- **Stability**: Designed to hold hangers firmly for the robot's pick-up process.
- **Structural Simulation**: Ensures minimal deformation and maintains strength under load.

## Manufacturing Considerations
- **Hardening Treatment**: Required for parts prone to wear due to repetitive motion.
- **Dimensional Tolerances**: Critical for the proper function of the ATC components.
